Hello out there to all the  new culinary artisans in Stardew Valley!

Dissatisfied with how much you're being paid for your produce?
Looking for a way to spice up crop sales?
Using Preserve Jars and Kegs will allow you to turn your Fruits and
Vegetables into Jellies, Pickles, Juices, and Wines that will really
pull in the coin!

Putting Fruits or Vegetables into a Preserve Jar will turn them into
Jellies or Pickles and more than double their base value! Wow!
This process will take between 2-3 days but the value of the final
product is not dependent on the quality of the input, so you should
probably only use basic quality crops.

Processing Fruits or Vegetables in a Keg will result in various Wines
and Juices. People are just mad about home brewed Wines and are
willing to pay three times the base value of the input Fruit! Crazy!
However, Juices will only net you a little over 2 times the base 
Vegetable value. The brewing process takes about 7 days for Wine and 4 
days for Juice so you'd better be prepared to wait.

Because of the long processing time, the choice isn't always easy of
which crops you should process. If you have tons of produce, the
Preserves Jar is a great choice because it takes less time. The return
on investment is especially obvious for lower value produce. When you're
running low on produce, prioritize your highest value product to be
juiced.

In the Spring, Rhubarb can be used to make Jellies and Wine. You
can also make wonderful Pickles from Cauliflour.
Summertime gets you access to the fabulous Starfruit. Conisours across 
the country are willing to pay top coin for the Wine that is produced.
Summer Melons are another great choice for making into Jellies and Wine.
Pumpkins grow in the Fall and make excellent Pickles and Wines. Artichoke
will also grow in the Fall but won't get you quite as much coin.

Here's one final tip on processing your produce:
* If you're having trouble pickling and juicing all your goods, you
can stockpile them for the Winter season to ensure a healthy cash
flow through those chilly weeks!

Well that's all for now!
Thank you for tuning in! We hope to see you next time!
